Reformat consistency error documentation (#8815)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/consistency-errors/consistency-errors-pages.md

{{< figure src="/attachments/refguide/modeling/consistency-errors/consistency-errors-pages/list-view-error.png" alt="Data Source Consistency Error Scheme" class="no-border" >}}

The most common errors which can occur when configuring a list view, the causes of these errors, and ways to fix them are described in the following sub-sections.

### Error Code: CE0488

CE0488 error message in a list view : *No entity configured for the data source of this list view. Select an entity or change the data source.*

> You will get CE0488 in a list view if the **Database/XPath/Association** option is selected as a data source for a list view, but no entity is specified. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE0488 in a list view if the **Database/XPath/Association** option is selected as a data source for a list view, but no entity is specified. 
```

To fix CE0488, do one of the following:

* Open the list view's properties > **Data source** and select an entity in the **Entity (path)** field.
* Change the type of the data source.

### Error Code: CE2633

CE2633 error message in a list view can be one of the following:

> * *No microflow configured for the data source of this list view. Select a microflow or change the data source.*

Reviewer: I've run this on the local build, and the list looks a bit confusing. Does it make sense to have sub-sections for each case or have a numbered list here, so that users see reason 1 or 2?

Author: @MariaShaposhnikova 
Thanks a lot for the suggestion! Sub-sections work fine in my opinion. I've adjusted this in this commit: https://github.com/mendix/docs/pull/8815/commits/39dfe5bf405ef0b495284f161f80f71ab60c144b. Please let me know what you think.

>     * You will get this error is if the data source is set to **Microflow**, but no microflow is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * You get this error if the data source is set to **Microflow**, but no microflow is specified.
```

    * To fix this error, do one of the following:
        * Open the list view's properties > **Data source** and select a microflow in the **Microflow** field.
        * Change the type of the data source.

* *No nanoflow configured for the data source of this list view. Select a nanoflow or change the data source.*

>     * You will get this error is if the data source is set to **Nanoflow**, but no nanoflow is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * You get this error if the data source is set to **Nanoflow**, but no nanoflow is specified.
```

    * To fix this error, do one of the following:
        * Open the list view's properties > **Data source** and select a nanoflow in the **Nanoflow** field.
        * Change the type of the data source.

### Error Code: CE0595

CE0595 error message: *Attribute {AttributeName} is not an attribute of entity {EntityName}.*

> You will get CE0595 if you have changed the target entity of a list view without updating its contents. The list view is filled with attributes of another entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE0595 if you have changed the target entity of a list view without updating its contents. The list view is filled with attributes of another entity.
```

{{< figure src="/attachments/refguide/modeling/consistency-errors/consistency-errors-pages/data-view-no-list-widget.png" alt="Data View With no List Widget Configured" class="no-border" >}}

The most common errors which can occur when configuring a data view, the causes of these errors, and ways to fix them are described in the following sub-sections.

### Error Code: CE0488

CE0488 error message in a data view: *No entity configured for the data source of this data view. Select an entity or change the data source.*

> You will get CE0488 in a data view if **Context** is selected as a data source for a data view, but no entity is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE0488 in a data view if **Context** is selected as a data source for a data view, but no entity is specified.
```

To fix CE0488, do one of the following:

* Open the data view's properties > **Data Source** and select an entity in the **Entity** field.
* Change the type of the data source.

### Error Code: CE2633 

CE2633 error message in a data view can be one of the following:

> * *No microflow configured for the data source of this data view. Select a microflow or change the data source.*

Reviewer: I've run this on the local build, and the list looks a bit confusing. Does it make sense to have sub-sections for each case or have a numbered list here, so that users see reason 1 or 2?

Author: Please see the changes in the same commit as above: https://github.com/mendix/docs/pull/8815/commits/39dfe5bf405ef0b495284f161f80f71ab60c144b

>     * You will get this error is if the data source is set to **Microflow**, but no microflow is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * You get this error is if the data source is set to **Microflow**, but no microflow is specified.
```

    * To fix this error, do one of the following:
        * Open the data view's properties > **Data source** and select a microflow in the **Microflow** field.
        * Change the type of the data source.

* *No nanoflow configured for the data source of this data view. Select a nanoflow or change the data source.*

>     * You will get this error is if the data source is set to **Nanoflow**, but no nanoflow is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * You get this error is if the data source is set to **Nanoflow**, but no nanoflow is specified.
```

    * To fix this error, do one of the following:
        * Open the data view's properties > **Data source** and select a nanoflow in the **Nanoflow** field.
        * Change the type of the data source.

### Error Code: CE0536

CE0536 error message: *No list widget configured for the data source of this data view. Select a widget or change the data source.*

You will get CE0536 if a **Listen to widget** is configured as a data source for a data view, but the list view widget specified does not exist anymore on the same page.

To fix CE0536, do one of the following:

* Create a list view on the same page, configure it, and select it as the list widget for the data view.
* Change the type of the data source.

### Error Code: CE8115

CE8115 error message: *The selected entity X should match the entity Y of the page parameter {Name of the page parameter}.*

> You will get CE8115 if you have changed the data type of a page parameter which was selected as the entity of the **Context** data source for a data view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE8115 if you have changed the data type of a page parameter which was selected as the entity of the **Context** data source for a data view.
```

To fix CE8115, do one of the following:

* Select the entity of the **Context** data source again.
* Change the data type of the page parameter back to match the entity of the data view.

### Error Code: CE8116

CE8116 error message: *The selected entity x should match the entity y of the snippet parameter {Name of the snippet parameter}.*

> You will get CE8116 if you have changed the data type of a snippet parameter which was selected as the entity of the **Context** data source for a data view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE8116 if you have changed the data type of a snippet parameter which was selected as the entity of the **Context** data source for a data view.
```

To fix CE8116, do one of the following:

* Select the entity of the **Context** data source again.
* Change the data type of the snippet parameter back to match the entity of the data view.

## Context Not Available Consistency Errors

The errors that you can get when a page or snippet is expecting a context that is unavailable are described in the following sub-sections. 

### Error Code: CE1568

CE1568 error message: *The selected page {Name of the page} expects an object of type {type of object}, which is not available here.*

> You will get CE1568 if the page has a page parameter that expects an object of a particular type to be passed to it. This error occurs when the page is called from another page, which does not have this object available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE1568 if the page has a page parameter that expects an object of a particular type to be passed to it. This error occurs when the page is called from another page, which does not have this object available. 
```

Now when a user clicks this button, the **Customer Details** page will open, and the new *Customer* object will be created. 

### Error Code: CE7410

CE7410 error message: *The selected page {Name of the page} should accept a parameter of type {type of object}.*

> You will get CE7410 if you have a widget (for example, the create button of a data grid) that opens a page which must use the available object. However, the selected page does not have any parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE7410 if you have a widget (for example, the create button of a data grid) that opens a page which must use the available object. However, the selected page does not have any parameters. 
```

To fix CE7410, do one of the following:

* Select a page which has a page parameter of the correct type.
* Change the parameters of the page.

### Error Code: CE7411

CE7411 error message: *The selected page {Name of the page} should accept a parameter of type X, but expects a parameter of type Y instead.*

> You will get CE7411 if you have a widget (for example, the create button of a data grid) that opens a page which must use the available object. However, the parameter of the selected page expects an object of a different type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE7411 if you have a widget (for example, the create button of a data grid) that opens a page which must use the available object. However, the parameter of the selected page expects an object of a different type. 
```

To fix CE7411, do one of the following:

* Select a page which has a page parameter of the correct type.
* Change the type of the available object (if possible).
* Change the parameters of the page.

### Error Code: CE7412

CE7412 error message: *The selected page {Name of the page} should accept a parameter of type X, but expects parameters of type A, B, and C instead.*

> You will get CE7412 if you have a widget (for example, the create button of a data grid) that opens a page which must use the available object. However, none of the parameters of the selected page expect an object of that type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE7412 if you have a widget (for example, the create button of a data grid) that opens a page which must use the available object. However, none of the parameters of the selected page expect an object of that type.
```

To fix CE7412, do one of the following:

* Select a page which has a page parameter of the correct type.
* Change the type of the available object (if possible).
* Change the parameters of the page.

### Error Code: CE1154

CE1154 error message: *The selected snippet {Name of the snippet} has parameters. Move this snippet call into a data container like a data view, list view, or template grid.*

> You will get CE1154 if the snippet has a snippet parameter and the snippet call is not placed inside a data container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE1154 if the snippet has a snippet parameter and the snippet call is not placed inside a data container.
```

To fix CE1154, make sure that the snippet call is placed in a data container which passes the correct type of object to the snippet call.

### Error Code: CE1570

CE1570 error message: *The selected snippet {Name of the snippet} expects an object of type {type of object}, which is not available here.*

> You will get CE1570 if the snippet has a snippet parameter that expects an object of a particular type to be passed to it. This error occurs when the snippet is called from another page, layout, or snippet which does not have this object available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE1570 if the snippet has a snippet parameter that expects an object of a particular type to be passed to it. This error occurs when the snippet is called from another page, layout, or snippet which does not have this object available.
```

To fix CE1570, make sure that the object is passed correctly in the snippet settings of the snippet call.

## Data Consistency Errors

When a widget that expects as object from its data source does not get it or gets an object from a different entity type, it causes errors in data consistency. Some of the most common errors of this type are described in the following sub-sections.

### Error Code: CE0552

CE0552 error message: *Microflow {name of the microflow} does not return an object.*

> You will get CE0552 if the data source of a widget (for example, a data view) is set to **Microflow**, but the microflow does not return any object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE0552 if the data source of a widget (for example, a data view) is set to **Microflow**, but the microflow does not return any object.
```

To fix CE0552, open the microflow and configure a return value of the end event for it.

### Error Code: CE0551

CE0551 error message: *Microflow {name of the microflow} does not return a list.*

> You will get CE0551 if the data source of a list view is set to **Microflow**, but the microflow does not return a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE0551 if the data source of a list view is set to **Microflow**, but the microflow does not return a list.
```

To fix CE0551, open the microflow and configure its end event to return a list.

### Error Code: CE1573

CE1573 error message: *Parameter {Name of the parameter} of the selected microflow/nanoflow does not match available arguments. No arguments available to {Name of the widget}.*

> You will get CE1573 if you selected a microflow or a nanoflow as an on-click event of a widget (for example, of a button) and the microflow/nanoflow contains a parameter, but no argument (for example, an object) is available for the widget to pass to the microflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE1573 if you selected a microflow or a nanoflow as an on-click event of a widget (for example, of a button) and the microflow/nanoflow contains a parameter, but no argument (for example, an object) is available for the widget to pass to the microflow.
```

Now the *Customer* object is available on the page and it matches the microflow parameter *Customer*. 

### Error Code: CE1574

CE1574 error message: *Parameter {Name of the parameter} of the selected microflow/nanoflow does not match available arguments. Arguments available to {Name of the widget} are {list of available arguments}.*

> You will get CE1574 if you selected a microflow or nanoflow as the data source of a widget, but the argument (or arguments) available for this widget does not match the parameter (or parameters) of the microflow.  a parameter, but no argument (for example, an object) is available for the widget to pass to the microflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE1574 if you selected a microflow or nanoflow as the data source of a widget, but the argument (or arguments) available for this widget does not match the parameter (or parameters) of the microflow.  a parameter, but no argument (for example, an object) is available for the widget to pass to the microflow.
```

Images, videos and files should be placed in a data container, otherwise you will get consistency errors. Another way to fix consistency errors is to place these widgets in a snippet and configure the snippet. For more information on images, videos, and files, see [Images, Videos, and Files](/refguide/image-and-file-widgets/). 

The images, videos and files consistency errors are described in the following sub-sections.

### Error Code: CE6810

CE6810 error message: *A [file manager](/refguide/file-manager/) must be placed in a data view or snippet that is connected to the entity ‘System.FileDocument’ or a specialization.*

> You will get CE6810 if you have added a file manager to a page, but it is not inside a data view or a snippet that is configured properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE6810 if you have added a file manager to a page, but it is not inside a data view or a snippet that is configured properly.
```

> To fix CE6810, place this widget into a data container. If you want to place it into a snippet, mind that you need to configure it properly: either set System.FileDocument (or its specialization) as an entity for this snippet or place the snippet in a data container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix CE6810, place this widget into a data container. If you want to place it into a snippet, mind that you need to either set System.FileDocument (or its specialization) as an entity for this snippet or place the snippet in a data container.
```

### Error Code: CE6811

CE6811 error message: *An [image uploader](/refguide/image-uploader/) must be placed in a data view or snippet that is connected to the entity ‘System.Image’ or a specialization.*

> You will get CE6811 if you have added an image uploader to a page, but it is not inside a data view or a snippet that is configured properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE6811 if you have added an image uploader to a page, but it is not inside a data view or a snippet that is configured properly.
```

To fix CE6811, place this widget into a data container. If you want to place it into a snippet, mind that you need to configure it properly: set System.Image (or its specialization) as an entity for this snippet or place the snippet in a data container.

### Error Code: CE7950

CE7950 error message: *Move this widget into a data container, for example a data view or list view.*

> You will get CE7950 if you have added a [dynamic image](/refguide/image-viewer/) to your page, but it is not inside a data view or a list view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE7950 if you have added a [dynamic image](/refguide/image-viewer/) to your page, but it is not inside a data view or a list view.
```

To fix CE7950, place this widget inside a data view or a list view.

### Error Code: CE0489

CE0489 error message: *Select an entity for the data source of this [dynamic image](/refguide/image-viewer/).*

> You will get CE0489 if you have added a dynamic image to a page, it is placed inside a data view or a list view, but an entity for the dynamic image is not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE0489 if you have added a dynamic image to a page, it is placed inside a data view or a list view, but an entity for the dynamic image is not specified.
```

To fix CE0489, open dynamic image properties > the **Data source** section and select an entity in the **Entity (path)** field.

## Image Widget Consistency Errors

> A consistency error for an image widget is described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get the following consistency error for an image widget:
```

Error message: *No image selected.*

> You will get this error message if you have added an image widget to a page, but do not select an image itself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get this error message if you have added an image widget to a page, but do not select an image itself. 
```

To fix this error, open the image properties > **General** > **Image** and select an image. For more information on an image widget, see [Image](/refguide/image/).

## On Click Event Consistency Errors 

You can specify an [On click event](/refguide/on-click-event/) for different widgets, for example, for buttons or images. 

The most common on click event consistency errors are connected with not configuring the on click event. 

To fix the on-click event consistency errors, finish configuring the on click event (for example, for an on click event **Show a page**, select a particular page that should open), or change the on click event. 

## Icon Collection Consistency Errors

Icon collections have configurable class names, icon prefixes, and icon names. These properties are used to generate the CSS code for your pages. You can come across the following consistency errors that prevent you from generating invalid CSS.

### Error code: CE1616

CE1616 error message: *You cannot duplicate the icon collection class name {icon collection class name}.*

> You will get CE1616 if there is more than one icon collection configured with the same class name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You get CE1616 if there is more than one icon collection configured with the same class name.
```
